[All] (Mac) Add info about clear web cache option (#1052)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/debug-office-add-ins-on-ipad-and-mac.md

Add-ins are often cached in Office for Mac, for performance reasons. Normally, the cache is cleared by reloading the add-in. If more than one add-in exists in the same document, the process of automatically clearing the cache on reload might not be reliable.

> You can clear the cache using an existing add-in.

Reviewer: Also, I think the intro blurb to this article is a little confusing. Maybe change to: 
Because add-ins are developed using HTML and JavaScript, they are designed to work across platforms, but there might be subtle differences in how different browsers render the HTML. This article describes how to debug add-ins running on a Mac.
>[!NOTE] 
>You can use Visual Studio to develop and debug add-ins on Windows, but you can't use it to debug add-ins on a Mac.

> You can clear the cache using an existing add-in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can clear the cache by using the personality menu of any task pane add-in.
```

> You can clear the cache using an existing add-in.

Author: @mscharlock Thanks! I updated the intro and the date!
